Remove references to postgresql-evr (#3167)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_upgrading-the-external-database-operating-system.adoc

[id="Upgrading_the_External_Database_Operating_System{context}"]
= Upgrading the external database operating system

> You can upgrade an external database from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9 while upgrading {Project} from {ProjectVersionPrevious} to {ProjectVersion}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your {Project} uses an external database, you can upgrade the database from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9 while upgrading {Project} from {ProjectVersionPrevious} to {ProjectVersion}.
```
Does this make sense? I'm looking at the preview and think it might be helpful to give users a hint on whether the procedure is relevant for their deployment.

.Prerequisites
* Create a new {EL} 9 based host for PostgreSQL server that follows the external database on {EL} 9 documentation.
ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}using-external-databases_{project-context}[Using External Databases with {Project}].
endif::[]

.Procedure
. Create a backup.
. Restore the backup on the new server.

> . If {Project} reaches the new database server via the old name, no further changes are required.
> Otherwise reconfigure {Project} to use the new name:
> +
> [options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
> ----
> # {foreman-installer} \
> --foreman-db-host _newpostgres.example.com_ \
> --katello-candlepin-db-host _newpostgres.example.com_ \
> --foreman-proxy-content-pulpcore-postgresql-host _newpostgres.example.com_
> ----

Reviewer: But actually, I have one question: Is there something a user is expected to do to make sure the server is reachable? In other words, how can the user tell if the server is reachable? It might be a good idea to add one extra step, something like:

```suggestion
. Verify whether {Project} can reach the new database:
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
<command>
----
. If {Project} can reach the new database server by using the old name, no further changes are required.
Otherwise, reconfigure {Project} to use the new name:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} \
--foreman-db-host _newpostgres.example.com_ \
--katello-candlepin-db-host _newpostgres.example.com_ \
--foreman-proxy-content-pulpcore-postgresql-host _newpostgres.example.com_
----
```

Author: The user here should know if their new server has the same old hostname or not -- it's dependent on how they decide to set up the new system.
I think it doesn't hurt to add a test step, though. I'll have to find a command, I think we already have one documented somewhere.

Author: ```
# PGPASSWORD='_Foreman_database_password' psql -h _postgres.example.com_  -p 5432 -U foreman -d foreman -c "SELECT 1 as ping"
```

[id="Upgrading_the_External_Database_Operating_System{context}"]
= Upgrading the external database operating system

> If your {Project} uses an external database, you can upgrade the database from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9 while upgrading {Project} from {ProjectVersionPrevious} to {ProjectVersion}.

Author: The external DB has more flexible requirements than Foreman since it just needs to be a running postgres server, so I think it's still okay that users would have EL8 machines running their DBs for some time. @ekohl can probably keep me honest here though.

> If your {Project} uses an external database, you can upgrade the database from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9 while upgrading {Project} from {ProjectVersionPrevious} to {ProjectVersion}.

Reviewer 2: As @ianballou has indicated, it sort of has its own lifecycle. Technically I think we should loosen the requirement to any PostgreSQL 13+ compatible server instead of some (RH)EL server running PostgreSQL.

Within the platform team we've had some discussions on the level of support for the external DB server. Now that it's just a plain PostgreSQL server we can consider not having any instructions on setting up the PostgreSQL server. For example, we don't document how you do backups, partition, etc. Where do we draw the line?

> If your {Project} uses an external database, you can upgrade the database from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9 while upgrading {Project} from {ProjectVersionPrevious} to {ProjectVersion}.

Author: I can see our external DB documentation being the recommendation that we can provide the best support for. Perhaps we should be strict with what the docs recommend but ensure users know that other solutions may be possible, just with limited support.

.Prerequisites
* Create a new {EL} 9 based host for PostgreSQL server that follows the external database on {EL} 9 documentation.
ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}using-external-databases_{project-context}[Using External Databases with {Project}].
endif::[]

.Procedure
. Create a backup of your existing external database.
. Restore the backup on the new {EL} 9 server.
. Verify whether {Project} can reach the new database:
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----

> # PGPASSWORD='_Foreman_database_password' psql -h _postgres.example.com_ -p 5432 -U foreman -d foreman -c "SELECT 1 as ping"

Author: `foreman` is indeed the name of the DB, so no branding should be needed.

----

> . If {Project} can reach the new database server by using the old name, no further changes are required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. If your {ProjectServer} can reach the new database server by using the old name, no further changes are required.
```
